Caroline Liu
Achraf Mamdouh
Yahya Yacoubi
CSC 3326: Project Proposal
February 5, 2017

1. Proposed Project

Title: Show Me AUI

Description: Show Me AUI is an application where users can see pictures of different locations in Al Akhawayn University during a specific time frame. This will allow current students, prospective students, exchange students, and former alumni to either learn more about the beautiful campus or stay in touch with the place where so many great memories and friendships are formed.

2. Requirements’ Gathering

Customer: We will reach out to the Office of International Programs to ask if they would be interested in being our customer for this application.

Users: Anyone interested in AUI are welcome to use the application. The most likely users will be current students, exchange students, and alumni. 

3. Requirements’ Specification 

Features:
•	A user can upload pictures to the database. The pictures uploaded will take into consideration the time and location where they were taken.
•	A user can search for pictures in the database based on a specific timeframe and location (e.g: AUI’s Cafeteria on 23/02/2017).
•	A user can see recent pictures uploaded by other users.
•	A user can follow other users.
•	A user can login and see all the pictures that were uploaded by himself and his friends.
•	A user can delete photos.
•	A user can apply filters to photos before uploading.

4. Project Management Plan

Dates and Tasks: 

March 9		Project MidReport
April 9		Implementation Progress
April 30	Demo Files
		Implementation/Overall Work 
		Presentation File
		Project Final Report

Who is Working on What:

We will work together on all the parts of the application, from the data modeling and database design stage all the way to database implementation and the development of mobile, desktop, and web applications for use. 

III.	Different Procedures to Meet Project Requirements and Deadlines

We have created a repository on GitHub where we can work all together: https://github.com/caroqliu/Show-Me-AUI. This will keep the code updated, organized, and synced between members.

We will meet twice a week to discuss the challenges that we have encountered as well as the progress we made, and plan for the following week’s tasks accordingly.
